rollout: flesh out/clean up Introduce Tilt doc (#747)
tilt-dev/tilt.build: docs/rollout/introduce-tilt.md

## What's a "Transition Guide"?

You've probably read many a README for an internal tool, but a transition guide is more than just a README: it's your case to an AppDev that this new workflow is better than their old one.

AppDevs have generally sunk lots of time and effort into their tooling. In our experience, it takes an especially persuasive argument to get an AppDev to switch from a tried-and-true workflow to something new. They need to know not just why the new tool is _good_, but why it's _better than what they're currently using_. 

A good Transition Guide should illustrate the benefits of the new tool vis-a-vis the old tool, and give clear enough setup instructions that an AppDev can experience those benefits within minutes.

Here's our recommended format (we'll dig into each section below):

```
1. You'll Like Tilt More Because...
2. How to Get Started
  2a. How to Install Tilt
  2b. What to Do After You Start Tilt
3. Known Issues
4. What to Do Next
```

> Remember that a Transition Guide is more than just a README. Its job is to get an AppDev up and running with minimal friction, but also to drive home why they should be excited about the new tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that a Transition Guide is more than just a README. Its job is to get an AppDev up and running with minimal friction, but also to drive home why they should be excited about Tilt.
```

It's also not a design doc or implementation proposal: focus on what makes this tool compelling to a day-to-day developer, not to a DevEx team (e.g. "easy to maintain") or a VP of Eng (e.g. "will boost overall productivity by X%").

### You'll Like Tilt More Because...

Start with why Tilt is better than the current way of doing things. Don't just list features of Tilt: highlight Tilt's benefits as compared to the legacy tool.

This part of the doc can also be a great place to re-contextualize or justify what AppDevs might see as sticking points. For instance, if initial `tilt up` is noticeably slower than launching your old tool, consider a note like:
> You may notice that Tilt is a little slower to start up than $OLDTOOL, but if you stick with it, you'll see that once your app is up and running, _updates_ are 10x faster than on $OLDTOOL.

> A Transition Guide is about making your case to an AppDev, so focus on the features that most benefit someone who writes code day-to-day. Instead of leading with attributes like "easier to support users" or "dev is closer to prod." (which are more exciting to those maintaining a tool than those using it), we'd suggest focusing on advantages like being faster, having a better UI, or supporting new workflows.

Reviewer: Maybe something like "if you have focus users (test pilots?) (with a link), consider asking them how Tilt is particularly useful for your team"

Reviewer: ah, I see you mentioned something like this down under "advanced features"...I feel like it's better here, or maybe fine in both, but then should probably adjust the wording of the second instance

> Remember that screenshots/screen recordings can be great tools to get your point across, and may be particularly good for comparing Tilt to the legacy tool. (If your team uses Tilt Cloud, you can also use [Snapshots](../snapshots) to let potential users interact with the UI before installing Tilt.)

Author: This is actually a lousy experience currently, should we hold off on suggesting it until we have a better "give new TC users access to snapshots" flow?

An example workflow makes it easy for a user to map Tilt onto their existing mental model of the dev workflow. It's also a great way to drive home the advantages of Tilt over your old tool. For instance, if resetting the database used to require an elaborate terminal incantation and can now be done by simply triggering a [`local_resource`](../local_resource) from the Web UI, make that part of your example workflow. (If you had a group of [Focus Users](../rollout/focus) alpha-testing your Tilt setup, the features they were most excited about will generally be good ones to mention here.)

### Known Issues

As you first build out Tilt support, there will probably be ways that Tilt is worse than the legacy tool---or even just different. Telling users about these regressions before they run into them builds trust. Something as simple as a list of links to issues in your issue tracker helps manage users' expectations. (As noted above, many perceived "regressions" stem from misconceptions about how Tilt works, or are necessary trade-offs for big benefits down the road: explaining this context can help your users feel less annoyed.)

> ### Next Steps

Reviewer: This is called "What to Do Next" in the outline above. They should match. I'm not sure which I prefer. I actually think neither is a good description of this section.
I haven't come up with a name I'm super happy with, but some spitballing:
* Suggestion box
* Let us know what you think
* How to get help
* "This sucks--who do I complain to?"

Author: good call

Tell users how to give feedback and get support (by joining a Slack channel, subscribing to an email list, etc.). If you're looking for volunteers to help improve the Tilt experience, mention that here.

> Your goal in this section should be to catch underwhelmed users before they fall out of the funnel---it's better to get their feedback now than to hunt them down later as [inactive users](../rollout/prioritize-inactive). The easier (or more mandatory) you make it for AppDevs to give you feedback, the greater the chance an underwhelmed AppDev will come give you useful information (rather than giving up and walking away).

Reviewer: > or more mandatory

...mandatory feedback? this sounds weird

Author: 😬

> Your goal in this section should be to catch underwhelmed users before they fall out of the funnel---it's better to get their feedback now than to hunt them down later as [inactive users](../rollout/prioritize-inactive). The easier (or more mandatory) you make it for AppDevs to give you feedback, the greater the chance an underwhelmed AppDev will come give you useful information (rather than giving up and walking away).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your goal in this section should be to catch underwhelmed users before they give up entirely---it's better to get their feedback now than to hunt them down later as [inactive users](../rollout/prioritize-inactive). The easier (or more mandatory) you make it for AppDevs to give you feedback, the greater the chance an underwhelmed AppDev will come give you useful information (rather than giving up and walking away).
```

It seems better to drop "funnel" to 1) not burden readers with thinking about that and 2) sound less growth-hacky

Author: good call
